---

copyright:
  years: 2016, 2021
lastupdated: "2021-04-08"

keywords: compare and comply,event,security,IBM,activity tracker

subcollection: compare-comply

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}
{:deprecated: .deprecated}
{:important: .important}
{:note: .note}
{:tip: .tip}
{:preview: .preview}
{:beta: .beta}
{:pre: .pre}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:screen: .screen}

# Activity Tracker events
{: #at_events}

{{site.data.keyword.cncfull}} is discontinued. Existing instances are supported until 30 November 2021, but as of 1 December 2020, you can't create instances. Any instance that exists on 30 November 2021 will be deleted. Consider migrating to {{site.data.keyword.discoveryshort}} Premium on {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} for your {{site.data.keyword.cncshort}} use cases. For more information, see the [announcement](/status?query=Compare+and+Comply&selected=announcement){: external}.
{: deprecated}

As a security officer, auditor, or manager, you can use the Activity Tracker service to track how users and applications interact with the {{site.data.keyword.cncfullnotm}} service in {{site.data.keyword.cloud}}.
{: shortdesc}

{{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} records user-initiated activities that change the state of a service in {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}}. You can use this service to investigate abnormal activity and critical actions and to comply with regulatory audit requirements. In addition, you can be alerted about actions as they happen. The events that are collected comply with the Cloud Auditing Data Federation (CADF) standard. For more information, see the [getting started tutorial for {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}}](/docs/activity-tracker?topic=activity-tracker-getting-started#getting-started).

## List of events
{: #events}

| Action | Description |
|:-----------------|:-----------------|
| `compare-comply.html-conversion.create` | Convert an input document to HTML |
| `compare-comply.element-classification.create` | Classify an input document |
| `compare-comply.comparison.create` | Compare two input documents |
| `compare-comply.tables.create` | Classify an input document's tables only |
| `compare-comply.batch.create` | Create a batch request |
| `compare-comply.batch.update` | Update a batch request |
| `compare-comply.batch.delete` | Delete a batch request |
| `compare-comply.batch.read` | Get information about a batch request |
| `compare-comply.feedback.create` | Create feedback |
| `compare-comply.feedback.update` | Update feedback |
| `compare-comply.feedback.delete` | Delete feedback |
| `compare-comply.feedback.read` | Get information about feedback |
| `compare-comply.evaluation.read` | Internal use only |
{: caption="Table 1. Actions that generate events" caption-side="top"}

## Viewing events
{: #at_ui}

Events that are generated by an instance of the {{site.data.keyword.cncshort}} service are automatically forwarded to the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service instance that is available in the same location.

{{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} can have only one instance per location. To view events, you must access the web UI of the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service in the same location where your service instance is available. Fore more information, see [Launching the web UI through the IBM Cloud UI](/docs/activity-tracker?topic=activity-tracker-launch#launch_cloud_ui).
